The directory data/meshes contains the following sub directories:

* original/blender
* original/littlem
* generated/raw
* generated/littlem

The original/blender directory contains *.blend files which can be loaded and
edited with blender. These files are binary of content and have to be stored
in the repository. Currently the only way to extract meshes from a blender file
and make it available for galactic-fall is to export them to raw mesh files but
it is impossible to convert meshes stored inside a blender file to raw mesh
files automatically on the command line. Therefore the raw mesh files have to
be exported by hand and, to avoid tedious repetition of that manual process,
have to be stored in the repository.

The original/littlem directory contains *.xml files containing a mesh created
and saved in littlem a small mesh editing software not yet available to the
open source community. The littlem-xml format is the only format that can be
converted to xml-data files for galactic-fall and thus all mesh data has to go
through this easy format. Since these files are original, they have to be
stored in the repository.

The generated/raw directory contains *.raw files that have been exported from
blender. They contain one mesh each and are processed to littlem-xml files
during the build process. As mentioned above, although being generated, they
have to be stored in the repository because the export process has to be
performed manually.

The generated/littlem direcory contains *.xml files containing a mesh exported
from a *.raw file during the build process using a command line utility. The
export process is easily repeatable and thus the result is not stored in the
repository.

Both the contents of the directories original/littlem and generated/littlem are
transformed to xml data files and binary data files during the build process,
if they are marked for inclusion in the data archive.
